doc: Shell limitation (#306)
pinojs/pino-pretty: Readme.md

}
```

> ## Limitations
> Because `pino-pretty` uses the stdout redirection, in some cases the command terminates with error due the shell limitations.
> 
> For example, currently, mingw64 shell (installed by git bash on Windows) is affected by this issue terminating the process with `stdout is not a tty` error message
> 
> 
> <a id="license"></a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Limitations

Because `pino-pretty` uses stdout redirection, in some cases the command may
terminate with an error due to shell limitations.

For example, currently, mingw64 based shells (e.g. Bash as supplied by [git for
Windows](https://gitforwindows.org)) are affected and terminate the process with
a `stdout is not a tty` error message.

<a id="license"></a>
```

Is the added link correct?

Author: The anchor "license" exists before this commit. I just change from `<a>` to `</a>` for closing the html tag correctly.

Reviewer: No. I'm asking if the link to the git package I added in the suggestion is correct.

Author: yes it is correct
